Kirito,
if you want her, take her with
your blade, your dual blades.
If you can defeat me in combat,
you may take Asuna.
But if you lose,
you will join the Knights
of the Blood Oath.
Very well.
If you'd rather settle this with
swords, that's fine with me.
Let's settle it with a duel.
"October 20, 2024"       "Floor 75: Collinia"
Not many good seats left!
"Living Legend, Heathcliff
VS Dual-wielding Demon, Kirito"
Hurry, hurry!
You're such an idiot!
Why would you say that?
Sorry. I'm sorry...
I couldn't help it.
It was like tit for tat.
When I saw your dual-wielding the other day,
I thought your strength was on another level.
But the commander
has a unique skill too...
Right. I've seen it several times.
Divine Blade. It maximizes
attack and defense power.
The attack is strong,
but that defense is incredible.
No one has ever seen his HP bar
fall into the yellow zone.
It's completely overpowered.
I know.
What'll you do? If you lose,
not only is my leave denied,
but you'll have to join
the Knights of the Blood Oath.
Well, I don't plan to lose easily.
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"Crimson Killing Intent"
I'm sorry, Kirito.
I didn't realize things
would get like this.
I'll be taking a cut of this.
No.
After the duel, you'll be
a member of our guild.
I'll treat this as a mission.
"Will you accept duel request?"
"Opponent: Heathcliff"
"Type: 1 vs. 1"
"Normal Mode"
"Time-Limit Mode"
"One-Strike Mode"
He attacks with his shield?
Splendid reaction time.
And your defense is impregnable.
Not yet...
I can be even faster!
Kirito...
I can strike!
What?
"October 22, 2024"       "Floor 50: Algade"
D-Didn't I request
something that wasn't so flashy?
It's one of the far less flashy ones.
You look good.
A guild, huh?
I guess I dragged you into this, huh?
No, it's a good chance. I was reaching
the limits of what a solo player could do.
That does make me
feel better, but...
Hey, Kirito...
I want you to tell me why
you avoid guilds and other people.
It isn't just because you're a beta tester
or have a unique skill, right?
You're a kind person after all.
It was a long time ago.
Over a year ago maybe...
I did join a guild, just once.
The guild was tiny. Even with
me there were only six of us.
Its name was the Moonlit Black Cats.
To be honest, their levels
were far lower than mine.
So I think if I'd told them my
own level, they would've backed off.
But I kept my true level
a secret and joined their guild.
The way they felt comfortable together
was something I craved back then.
But one day...
I was the one who
wiped out the entire guild.
I could've convinced them of that trap's
danger if I hadn't hidden that I was a beater.
All of them... Sachi... I killed them.
I won't die.
Because I'm the one
who will protect you.
"October 23, 2024"       "Floor 55: Grandzam"
Training?
That's right.
You'll form a party
with me and one other,
and we'll clear the dungeon
here on the 55th floor.
Wait, Godfree. Kirito and I are...
Even as the vice commander,
you cannot ignore the rules.
And if he'll be joining us,
then as the forward commander,
I must evaluate his skills.
H-He's far stronger than you!
Way out of your league!
Then we'll meet at
the western gate in 30 minutes!
We finally had a chance to be alone...
I'll be back soon.
Wait here.
Okay.
Be careful.
Hey, over here!
What's this?
From now on,
we're all in the same guild.
I thought it would be a good time
for you to bury your differences.
I'm sorry for causing
you trouble the other day.
I will never act so rudely
again, so please forgive me.
S-Sure...
Right, cased closed.
Today, I'd like to assess
how you react to danger,
so I'll be taking all
of your crystals.
--Even teleportation crystals?
--Yes.
Fine.
Right! Let's go, guys!
--Yeah.
"Floor 55: Dungeon Entrance"
Okay, we'll be taking a break here.
I'll distribute the food.
Paralysis poison?
Wh-What is this?
The one who brought this water
was you, wasn't it, Kuradeel?
Hurry! An antidote crystal...
Godfree, I always
knew you were an idiot,
...but you really are
a certified numbskull.
Wh-What are you doing?
S-Stop it!
Listen...
Our party
was attacked by a large gang of
criminal players out in the field!
Though you both fought hard,
you were slain.
I was alone but repulsed the criminals
in dazzling fashion and survived!
Hey.
Thanks to a brat like you,
I just killed an innocent bystander.
For all that, you looked
happy enough...
Why'd someone like you join
the Knights of the Blood Oath?
You'd do better in
a criminal guild.
That's an interesting thing
to say. You have sharp eyes.
That's the murder guild,
Laughing Coffin's...
That's where I got
this paralysis technique.
Whoops.
I'd better stop talking
or the poison will wear off.
Time to finish you!
The poison's still in effect?
How does it feel? How does it feel,
knowing that you're about to die?
Won't you tell me?
Am I...
Am I going to die here?
Hey now...
Come on, say something...
You're really going to die!
What's this? So you're
afraid of dying after all?
That's right...
I can't die yet!
Is that so?
That's the way I like it!
Die! Die!
Die!
Heal!
I made it...
I made it, God...
I made it.
I was watching
your position on the map.
There was no response from Godfree,
so I thought something might've happened...
You're alive.
You're alive, right, Kirito?
Yeah, I'm alive...
Hold on. I'll end this right away.
L-Lady Asuna, this was just training.
Right, it was a training accident...
Damn it!
F-Fine, I get it!
I was wrong!
I'll leave the guild.
You'll never see me again!
So...
I don't want to die!
You're pretty gullible,
Vice Commander!
Damn you... You murderer...
I'm sorry.
This was...
This was my fault, right?
Asuna...
I'm sorry.
I sh-should
stay away from you
fr-from now on.
My life belongs to you, Asuna.
So I'll use it for you.
Let's stay together until the end.
And I... I'll protect
you too, no matter what.
I'll protect you forever.
So...
I'll see to it that you can go back
to the other world, no matter what.
Asuna...
Today...
Tonight, I want to stay with you.
Okay.
"Floor 61: Selmburg"
D-Don't look over here.
H-Hurry and get undressed too.
It's embarrassing,
b-being the only one...
No, I just...
I just wanted to s-stay
in the same room tonight...
That was all...
Y-Y-You...
You dummy!
Sorry, I woke you, didn't I?
I was just dreaming a little.
About our old world.
It's strange...
In the dream, I was worried that
things in Aincrad and things with you
were only a dream.
I was really scared.
I'm glad this wasn't a dream.
You're so strange...
Don't you want to go back?
I do.
I do, but I don't want
my time here to disappear.
These two years have been important
to me. I can think of them that way now.
Hey, Kirito.
Do you think it would be okay
if we left the front lines for a bit?
Somehow, I'm scared.
If we return to the battlefield, it feels
like something else bad will happen.
Maybe I'm just a little tired.
Yeah...
I'm tired too.
In the southwest part of floor 22,
there's a small village
surrounded by forests and lakes.
Let's move there together.
And...
And?
Let...
Let's get married.
Yes!
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "The Girl of Morning Dew."